Add contribution guide (#34)
Sage-Bionetworks/GENIE-Sponsored-Projects: CONTRIBUTING.md

    ```
    git checkout develop
    git checkout -b GH-123-add-some-new-feature
    ```

1. At this point, you have only created the branch locally, you need to push this to your fork on GitHub.

    ```

    git push --set-upstream origin GH-123-add-some-new-feature
    ```

You should now be able to see the branch on GitHub. Make commits as you deem necessary. It helps to provide useful commit messages - a commit message saying 'Update' is a lot less helpful than saying 'Remove X parameter because it was unused'.

    ```
    git commit changed_file.txt -m "Remove X parameter because it was unused"
    git push
    ```

1. (Make sure you have follow instructions in "Install development dependencies") Once you have made your additions or changes, make sure you write tests and run the test suite.  More information on testing below.

    ```
    pytest ./test
    ```

1. (Make sure you have follow instructions in "Install development dependencies") Make sure to run the auto python code formatter, black.

    ```
    black ./
    ```

> 1. Once you have completed all the steps above, in Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of Sage-Bionetworks/synapsemonitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once you have completed all the steps above, in Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of Sage-Bionetworks/synapsemonitor.  Make sure to add 'Fixes #<issue_number>' to the comment of your pull request to automatically link the issue.  
```

> 1. Once you have completed all the steps above, in Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of Sage-Bionetworks/synapsemonitor.  Make sure to add 'Fixes #<issue_number>' to the comment of your pull request to automatically link the issue.  

Author: ```suggestion
1. Once you have completed all the steps above, in Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of Sage-Bionetworks/GENIE-Sponsored-Projects.  Make sure to add 'Fixes #<issue_number>' to the comment of your pull request to automatically link the issue.  
```
